Updated Fliplet.UI.Actions with new ClipboardJS example (#98)
Fliplet/fliplet-cli: docs/API/fliplet-ui-actions.md

  * **title** (String) A title that appears above the options.
  * **labels** (Array) Options to show the user. Each label object contains the following properties:
    * **label** (String) Option label to show the user.

>     * **action** (Object or Function) If an object is provided the object will be passed to `Fliplet.Navigate.to()` and executed accordingly, unless the object has a key `type` with the value `copyText`, in this case the object will be passed to `clipboardjs` library, which will also expect the key `text` with the value to be copied. If a function is provided, the function will be run with the 0-based index of the label as the first parameter.

Reviewer: > If an object is provided the object will be passed to `Fliplet.Navigate.to()` and executed accordingly, unless the object has a key `type` with the value `copyText`, in this case the object will be passed to `clipboardjs` library, which will also expect the key `text` with the value to be copied.

The sentence is too long. Try this:

```suggestion
    * **action** (Object or Function)
      * (Object) If the object contains a `type` key with a value of `copyText`, the value for `text` will be copied ot the clipboard. Otherwisem the object will be passed to `Fliplet.Navigate.to()` and executed accordingly.
      * (Function) If a function is provided, the function will be run with the 0-based index of the label as the first parameter.
```

  * **title** (String) A title that appears above the options.
  * **labels** (Array) Options to show the user. Each label object contains the following properties:
    * **label** (String) Option label to show the user.
    * **action** (Object or Function)

>       * (Object) If the object contains a `type` key with a value of `copyText`, the value for `text` will be copied ot the clipboard. Otherwisem the object will be passed to `Fliplet.Navigate.to()` and executed accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * (Object) If the object contains a `type` key with a value of `copyText`, the value for `text` will be copied ot the clipboard. Otherwise, the object will be passed to `Fliplet.Navigate.to()` and executed accordingly.
```

});
```

### Copy a Google Maps address

```js
var mapUrl = 'https://maps.google.com/?addr=N1+9PF';
Fliplet.UI.Actions({
  title: 'What do you want with this address?',
  labels: [
    {
      label: 'Copy address',
      action: {
        type: 'copyText',
        text: mapUrl
      }
    }
  ],
  cancel: 'Dismiss'

> }).then(function(i){

Reviewer: The `.then()` part isn't important for this example.
